Use Case: 4inARow
Iteration: 1
Actor: Player (1 or 2)
Goal in context: For one of the players to win the game by stacking 4 game pieces in a row, horizontally, vertically or diagonally.
Pre-conditions:
    1. A connect 4 game must be in progress.
    2. There must be available slots in the board.
    3. It must be the players turn.
Trigger: It is one of the players turn, and they place the winning piece in a spot with 3 in a row.
Scenario:
    1. A game of connect 4 is in progress.
    2. A minimum of 3 turns have been played for each player
    3. There's 3 in a row in the board.
    4. It is that player's turn.
    5. They choose that slot.
    6. They win the game.
    7. The game closes.
Post-conditions:
    1. If a player achieves 4 in a row, the game ends, and they are the declared the winner.
    2. If the board is full without a winner, then a draw is declared.
Exceptions: The opponent can block the win before the player can play their turn.
Priority: High, the goal of the game is this.
When available: Once there is a 3 in a row set up, and it is that players turn.
Frequency of use: Once a game, at most.
Channel to actor: Once it is the player's turn, and they notice a 3 in a row.
Secondary actors: Opponent
Chanel to secondary actors: Once it is their turn they have the option to block.
Open issues: None

Use Case: 3InARow
Iteration: 1
Actor: Player (1 or 2)
Goal in context: For one of the players to reach 3 of their symbols in a row on the board, which results in their declared win.
Pre-Conditions:
    1. A TicTacToe game has been initiated.
    2. There are 2 of a symbol in a row requiring one more move.
    3. It must be the players turn.
Trigger: It is the players turn, and they choose the winning move.
Scenario:
    1. A TicTacToe game is in progress.
    2. There is currently 2 in a row.
    3. It is that players turn that has 2 in a row.
    4. They choose the missing slot making it 3 in a row.
    5. They win the game.
    6. The game closes.
Post-Conditions:
    1. Once a 3 in a row is achieved the game ends.
    2. If the board is full without a winner, then a draw happens.
Exceptions: The opponent can block the winning move if it is their turn.
Priority: High
When available: Once there's 2 in a row, and it is that players turn.
Frequency of use: Once a game
Channel to actor: Once it is the player's turn, and they have 2 in a row.
Secondary actors: Opponent
Chanel to secondary actors: Once it is their turn they have the option to block.
Open issues: None